[Music]
Have you played Pokémon eye Aitana and Plex
who are in Japan and they start
recording eh I mean how the hell does this situation happen
yeah I don't know I don't remember yeah I've played
Mario
Kart you're the only Pokémon fan now
but Pokémon cards G friends dude well
I used to read this one every time I
started Pokémon What's it called buf
or something like that many times ago Oh what a
hunt okay Uf what you pet grabs your butt what a scam do
n't be look it grabs it and
lets go look at what you petted and lets go it
grabs your butt This thing has the
strength of a newborn man the thing
guys here you have to put coins in and
you get strength you know Come on Aitana
Give me luck it's that I'm not going to give you
luck that co the first one I go there's a
child wanting to play
Now they're going to take it away from us okay okay okay
come on it would be great if they took it but you
imagine that you're traveling in Japan
and you come across Aitana and Plex it would be
super epic bad the truth is that it doesn't
look bad at all
Alo
niag grabs it
[Music]
c which honestly there isn't much
mystery it's just that when it's
rigged and when it's not
touched it takes the prize Well the
hook doesn't close it closes but it
is loose so that it opens when Look stay
until the machine wants to give it to you
I'm sure when the machine wants to
give it to you I think that there is a technique to
grab it better or worse of course you see look
now the machine grabs it now I don't know
now yes it wants to give it to you because they will have
thrown the biggest one and then like this it has to be given
to you if not well I will do it like this The
custard plush and he releases it
ohro another hero you have to put a bill in it I
understand that people are impressed
with these things let's go in fact There what I did what I did was
release it
look you see it came loose
No if you see the yes you see here the hook
opens it comes loose for a moment and
releases it you have to put a bill in it I
understand that people are impressed
with these things because right now I
am very obsessed not to the
gambling addiction guys Okay already  nois now
we automatically inamorata whoever
grabs her big head ag hosti hostia what
Pig man why she grabs it and lets
go plus it excites you a lot
right it's like full dopamine is
coming in like anxiety or no
gambling addiction of
course it's a bad feeling no
joke being in here eye eye
the couple no Oh yeah but can
you imagine Can you imagine that I
am in the Bueno of course there is no
sanctuary Aitana is not with anyone right now
no what is that she
falls it's
one it's a literal robbery can she go out Of course
yes
please okay come on last We have to put
a lot of money last one I mean Aitana is
with a friend in Japan Of course She is
quietly traveling there because
nobody stops her no she is single no the
hunch that
concentrate concentrate and I am
calculating like the movements one
second
okay very concentrated But what
happened he must have written to her he must have
written to her and he must have said damn what are you
doing here in Japan that we are
come The handle man pass this is
[ __ ] I am not going back okay they are friends
but the looks  they lie let's see let's see let's see I
think they might have
liked each other let's see let's see let's see let's see let's see
what do you think? Let's see, of
course they're both very cute, right? I mean,
objectively, let's see, he's very typical, eh, he's
very similar to Aitana Plex, eh,
physically I think so, on top of that, they're
very cute, eh, they're very cute, they're
both in their physical Prime, both of them,
also right now eh I'm also telling you, eh
No, no, Aitana is spectacular, I mean,
objectively she is, who doesn't like
Aitana, right? And he's in his physical Prime
right now, totally, eh totally Let's see. Look,
today it also comes out here, no, no. Of course they've
become friends, they've seen each other. Here, son of a [ __ ],
the Plex, eh, look, look, you guys think there's
flirting, it would be some really cool gossip,
eh, day 21 going around the world What are you doing, what are you
doing in 80 days? Ah, in 80 days.
Well, well, pretty good, I mean, I think it
suits me quite well, have you played
Pokémon? Eh, yes. No, sau, I'm not saying
that, but objectively, physically,
Who  he doesn't like itana is there someone
who doesn't like itana physically I mean
almost impossible no I mean poke go I don't know I don't
remember yes he plays Mario
Kart you're the only one fre Pokémon already everything
bad but this one I used to read it every time I
started in Pokémon What's it called
full or something like that much Oh look here's something else you
forgot Look look look there's
flirting there's no flirting it's
not
worth it only day that You're going to go out
partying with me on the trip around the world day
and you go out partying with Aitana man you
[ __ ] eh And then he takes the plex and goes to the
santu to Fran's spa to the
stolen spa one can you imagine that he had
taken Aitana I give it
back I'm going to the water I'm going to the
water I can't handle this I'm going to the water I
need to cool off This isn't true this is
n't happening this isn't
happening this isn't there anymore keep going is here go on run run run there was
you're too old to
invent chipeo but if I didn't
invent it I am the wisdom of love
I know there's something there I notice I notice
what I'm not sure is if the two of you
like each other I mean it
could be brutal brutal
brutal
guys this is the best when you
really need people it appears it does
n't hide I'm not saying anymore Come on [ __ ] it we
continue [ __ ] it We have
a kid playing here who is missing the
rake many times You're going to find look
Look at
this These are some holes But hey the
beach Fran I don't know if you're around here the
beach
and the beach is not close to the sanctuary
no absolutely not at all no I mean it has to
be a [ __ ] long way from far away screams it
seems like looking if you guys
go deep inside he's on the beach with
crocs Hey then I'll tell you something about the crocs
eh Because they don't pay Fran if not we would
do more promotions I wear
the Cross for almost anything
during the week now I'm here no and
now I'm without boots No I don't know that I
went to the gym or something like
that that I have the boots on you know
but now I take the dog down to
take out the trash and all that stuff and
so as not to get  the booties I wear I
always wear the La La Cross to
throw out the trash for this and then
pick up the kids from school I mean I
usually wear the CR you bring the little
clams worms kids don't give me the clams
So for example worms
Adri for example Adri has been there for two days
picking clams Do you think
this is normal he comes back from this
party in Japan with the itana and he
puts them on Fran to pick clams there are clams there are
everything there is a mix where there are worms there
are clams here here there are clams cen here there
are clams let's see little one
but I was focusing on the
stomach there no no you put them
close no me alone with my girlfriend mre bro anyway
end up screwing up the whole joke we are
saying about the clam about such and such and
jumps to the girlfriend once he has a
girlfriend he puts up with her for more than 15
days Look how pretty you guys notice
How pretty the clams are Here yes
eh And I have you here and you've been here
all day Look look at the zape the  zape
looking there worm no the zape is
strong eh Let's see this too What is it take it out take it out no no no more lower lower lower
lower thing eh lower Ah
no that's Alfredo's [ __ ] who
came a
while ago Alfredo well nothing guys have you
seen a little animal two worms and
clams worms And
clams well we'll see tomorrow if they have
recorded more we'll see tomorrow if they have
recorded more I knew that Plex was going because
when we recorded today the thing about the
podcast with Roberto Vaquero
when we recorded it Fran was going to pick him up
Well I don't know if he was going to pick up Plex or
Sape But well when we recorded it on
Friday I already knew the grandfather
telling him grandfather another one well it's also
true well it's also true
[Music]